Compact interactive list implementation guide added (#1950)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-framework-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/compact-interactive-list/Examples.2/FixedWidthColumns.1.doc.mdx

import FixedWidthColumns from './FixedWidthColumns?dev-site-examples';

# Fixed Width Columns

### Description

This example demonstrates a [Compact Interactive List](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about) component that renders a collection of interactive information in a list format that has a single tab stop. 

* The [numberOfColumns](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) property is set to **2** to arrange the list in two visual columns.

> * Each visual column has three semantic columns, such as an icon, a text description, and an interactive element column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each visual column has three semantic columns: an icon, a text description, and an interactive element column.
```

> * All semantic columns have [_width_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#column) prop explicitly set, with the [_flexGrow_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#column) prop omitted. The columns will keep their width and not grow wider or shrink.

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
* All semantic columns have the [_width_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#column) prop explicitly set, with the [_flexGrow_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#column) prop omitted. The columns will keep their width and not grow wider or shrink.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

> * Horizontal scroll will show up if screen width is less than the width of the list.

Reviewer 2: Does this make more sense to be "scrollbar"?
```suggestion
* Horizontal scrollbar will show up if screen width is less than the width of the list.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

> * The list is a one tab stop. The user can navigate between cells with the arrow keys. **Space key** press or mouse click on the Featured cell will toggle their state. **Esc key** press while on the list would unselect all featured items.

Reviewer 2: Can we reword this slightly:
```suggestion
* The list is a one tab stop. The user can navigate between cells with the arrow keys. **Space key** press or mouse click on a Featured cell will toggle its state. **Esc key** press while on the list will unselect all featured items.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

> * The list is a one-tab stop. You can move between cells with the arrow keys. Select the interactive element or use the arrow keys and press the **SPACEBAR** to change the element's state. Press the **ESC** key while in the list to clear all featured items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The list is one-tab stop. You can move focus between cells with the arrow keys or by clicking cells. Click the interactive element or use the arrow keys and press the **SPACEBAR** to change the element's state. Press the **ESC** key while in the list to clear all selected items.
```
